# CodeCounter
Copyright (c) 2020 Dennis Robinson (www.menasoft.com). All rights reserved.  
Licensed under the MIT License. https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT

Version 1.0.0.2

https://github.com/MenaceSan/CodeCounter.git

How big is your .cs code base?<br />
How well commented is your code?<br />
Count code size and number of comments in .NET .CS based projects.<br />

This is a Windows app that inspects directories of .cs files and calculates some statistics.<br />
There are other applications that do this sort of things but I found them overkill or difficult to use.

Ignores "<auto-generated" code.

## Stats created

        [Description("Number of dirs with files. Ignore empty dirs.")]
        public int NumberOfDirectories = 0;
        [Description("Number of (not empty) source files read")]
        public int NumberOfFiles = 0;      
        [Description("Number of total characters read")]
        public long NumberOfChars = 0;      

        [Description("Number of syntax errors found in the files")]
        public int NumberOfErrors = 0;

        [Description("Total number of lines (Sum of next 6 stats)")]
        public int NumberOfLines = 0;      

        [Description("Empty or Whitespace")]
        public int NumberOfLinesBlank = 0;
        [Description("Comments that are empty or multi line quotes")]
        public int NumberOfCommentBlank = 0;
        [Description("Comment lines that look like commented out code (or junk)")]
        public int NumberOfCommentedOutCode = 0; 
        [Description("Comments that seem to contain text")]
        public int NumberOfCommentLines = 0;
        [Description("Lines that just have code")]
        public int NumberOfLinesCode = 0; 
        [Description("Lines that have code and comments")]
        public int NumberOfLinesCodeAndComment = 0;

        [Description("Number of class, struct, interface, or enum")]
        public int NumberOfClasses = 0;
        [Description("Number of classes that have a comment immediately before or after")]
        public int NumberOfClassComments = 0;
        [Description("Number of classe methods (Not properties or anon, lambda etc.)")]
        public int NumberOfMethods = 0;
        [Description("Number of methods that have a comment immediately before or after")]
        public int NumberOfMethodComments = 0;


# Commands
 
    CodeCounter walks a directory of .cs, .cpp sources and compiles some statistics.
    Use: CodeCounter -flag directory
        - -verbose : show methods.
        - -tree : display methods and names as tree.
        - -showmodules : list the modules.
        - -wait : pause at the end.


# TODO

License scanning similar to scancode project. https://github.com/nexB/scancode-toolkit


